# mb_voice

Simple voice controller, using micro:bit and a Mac.
I was due to give some presentations and workshops but had lost my voice,
so I wrote this as a way to survive the workshop. It has common
phrases I might have needed to 'coach' people through the workshop.

# setup

This uses a micro:bit loaded with the file in hex_files.

You need two micro:bits - one plugs into the Mac via a USB connection.
This acts as the gateway. Every radio message received is retransmitted
over the USB serial connection to the Mac.

The second micro:bit is battery powered, and you walk around the
room with it, using it like a remote control.

# use

Press the A button and B button to skip through the alphabet by
1 or 5 at a time. Then shake the micro:bit to send the message.

On the mac, run:

	python voice1.py

The first time you run it, you will be prompted to remove and re-connect
the micro:bit, this is the code working out which serial port it is
connected to. It remembers this for next time.

Now the code is running, press A and B on your remote, and shake
it to send the message. Make sure the volume control on your Pi
is turned up. There are 25 messages, one for each letter A-Y.
You can find them at the top of the voice1.py program and change
them to anything else you want.

Z was reserved to change the palette of allowable words, but I never
used it in the end.

# Sound Playback

The sounds are generated by doing an os.system() call and using
the mac's built in 'say' command. But you could equally use a
Raspberry Pi with a load of .WAV files recorded with Audacity,
and use the pygame.mixer feature in Pygame to play pre recorded
sounds.



